Here it is.
Song Yang, what do you mean?
Just fool Mr. Gu with a tattered pendant
Jade pendant of this quality.
100 yuan can buy a lot at the stall
No one wants the free junk.
You dare to take it out and embarrass yourself
Who? What's going on?
Don't worry for a while, Sun Yang.
You let Xincheng spend 50 million to buy the value
Tens of billions of best dragon stone species
Why don't you take it out?
Take a junk and give it to Mr. Gu
You don't take Mr. Gu seriously, do you?
The best dragon is a species
The last time I saw it was three or four years ago
The best in the world that even I didn't get
Really with you
Mr. Gu, the piece you are holding is
Pardon me?
Song Yang also has a limit for lying
Is Mr. Gu here to accompany you in a play?
I see.
He has damaged the best dragon seed.
Just used this junk to pretend
Mr. Gu, please hold this pendant.
This little brother
Could it be that you are taking the account?
Xiong Happy Mr. Gu
This pendant
It is processed by me with the best dragon stone seeds.
It's just that a little unique craftsmanship is added to it.
In the case of being held
Will become beautiful
Usually
It looks like an ordinary piece of jade.
Song Yang, don't you know?
Our Qi family is in the jade business, right?
Where in the world is there such technology?
Banmen get axes
Why doesn't Mr. Gu have a ceremony?
if not
It's not too late to blame the juniors again.
If he doesn't act like you say
You should know the consequences.